Add `screenshots` criteria (#4554)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/progressive-web-apps/add-manifest/index.md

in common usage scenarios. Each object must include the `src`, a `sizes`
property, and the `type` of image.

In Chrome, the image dimensions must respond to certain criteria:

* Width and height must be at least 320px.

> * The max dimension can't be twice larger than the min dimension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The maximum dimension can't be twice larger than the minimum dimension.
```
